Lab Assignment 1

For this assignment, you'll be using the seeds data set, generated by recording X-Ray measurements of various wheat kernels. Start by opening up the starter code located in /Module3/Module3 - Lab1.ipynb, and reading through it. Then, write code that...

- Loads the seeds dataset, located at /Module3/Datasets/wheat.data into a dataframe

- Creates a slice of your dataframe that only includes the area and perimeter features

- Creates another slice that only includes the groove and asymmetry features

- Creates a histogram for the 'area and perimeter' slice, and another histogram for the 'groove and asymmetry' slice. Set the optional display parameter: alpha=0.75

---------------------------

Lab Assignment 2

In this assignment, you will further explore the wheat seeds data set. Start by opening up the starter code located in /Module3/Module3 - Lab2.ipynb, and reading through it. Then, write code that...

- Loads up the seeds dataset, located at /Module3/Datasets/wheat.data into a dataframe

- Create a 2d scatter plot that graphs the area and perimeter features

- Create a 2d scatter plot that graphs the groove and asymmetry features

- Create a 2d scatter plot that graphs the compactness and width features

---------------------------

Lab Assignment 3

Whole wheat is pretty healthy so for this assignment, you will continue using the wheat seeds data set. As usual, start by opening up the starter code located in /Module3/Module3 - Lab3.ipynb, and reading through it. Then, write code that...

- Loads up the seeds dataset, located at /Module3/Datasets/wheat.data' into a dataframe. You should be very good at doing this by now.
- Graph a 3D scatter plot using the area, perimeter, and asymmetry features. Be sure to label your axes, and use the optional display parameter c='red'.
- Graph a 3D scatter plot using the width, groove, and length features. Be sure to label your axes, and use the optional display parameter c='green'.

---------------------------

Lab Assignment 4

For this assignment, you will continue using the wheat seeds data set. Start by opening up the starter code located in Module3/Module3 - Lab4.ipynb, and write code that...

- Loads up the seeds dataset, located at Module3/Datasets/wheat.data into a dataframe

- Drop the id, area, and perimeter features from your dataset. If you've done a good job at reading through the Pandas documentation for .read_csv(), you might have already picked up a trick that tells Pandas not to load the id column as a feature, but rather as the index.

- Plot a parallel coordinates chart, grouped by the wheat_type feature. Be sure to set the optional display parameter alpha to 0.4

---------------------------

Lab Assignment 5

This is the second last assignment you'll be using the wheat seeds data set with. And you guessed it--this lab is about experimenting with Andrew's Curve! There is no starter code this time !

- Create a copy your Module3 - Lab4.ipynb, naming it Module3 - Lab5.ipynb

- Make all the changes required to convert the assignment from parallel coordinated into an Andrews curve plot

- Run the file and then answer the first question below

- Remember how you dropped the id, area, and perimeter features from your dataset? Well, add back in just the area and perimeter features, re-run your assignment again

----------------------------

Lab Assignment 6

At this point, we know you already know everything there is to know about the individual, geometric properties of Canadian, Kama and Rosa wheat kernels. But before permanently deleting the wheat dataset, isn't it befitting to see how all of those properties correlate with one another? Finish off the wheat seed data set saga with this final visualization assignment on plotting images. Open up the starter code located in Module3/Module3 - Lab6.ipynb, and complete the code such that it...

- Loads up the seeds dataset, located at Module3/Datasets/wheat.data into a dataframe

- Drop the id column from the dataframe, if you loaded it as a feature

- Compute the correlation matrix of your dataframe

- Graph the correlation matrix using imshow or matshow (either or)
